Replace aggregatable_expiry with event_attribution_window (#577)
WICG/attribution-reporting-api: EVENT.md

`priority` value and generate a report. The other sources will not
generate reports.

> - `event_report_window`: (optional) duration in seconds relative to the source

Reviewer: `relative to the source` is a bit ambiguous to me. Maybe `duration in seconds after source registration during which...`?

> - `event_report_window`: (optional) time in seconds relative to the source
> where event reports may be created for this source. Also controls the last
> window where reports will be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `event_report_window`: (optional) duration in seconds relative to the source
during which event reports may be created for this source. Also controls the last
window in which reports will be sent.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Sending Scheduled Reports

> Reports for `event` sources will be sent 1 hour after the sources `event_report_window`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reports for `event` sources will be sent 1 hour after the source's `event_report_window`.
```
